Provide stronger guidance for using identity cookies over tokens for security (#32994)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/security/authentication/identity-api-authorization.md

:::moniker range=">= aspnetcore-8.0"

> [ASP.NET Core Identity](xref:security/authentication/identity) provides APIs that handle authentication, authorization, and identity management. The APIs make it possible to secure endpoints of a Web API backend with cookie-based authentication. There's a token-based option for clients that can't use cookies, but you must be careful not to leak tokens. We recommend using cookies in browser-based applications, because the browser will automatically handle them without exposing them to JavaScript by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[ASP.NET Core Identity](xref:security/authentication/identity) provides APIs that handle authentication, authorization, and identity management. The APIs make it possible to secure endpoints of a Web API backend with cookie-based authentication. There's a token-based option for clients that can't use cookies, but you must be careful not to leak tokens. We recommend using cookies in browser-based applications, because the browser automatically handles them without exposing them to JavaScript by default.
```

Reviewer 2: Perhaps even more forceful?

[ASP.NET Core Identity](xref:security/authentication/identity) provides APIs that handle authentication, authorization, and identity management. The APIs make it possible to secure endpoints of a Web API backend with cookie-based authentication. A token-based option is available for clients that can't use cookies, but in using this you are responsible for ensuring the tokens are kept secure. We recommend using cookies for browser-based applications, because, by default, the browser automatically handles them without exposing them to JavaScript.

Author: ```suggestion
[ASP.NET Core Identity](xref:security/authentication/identity) provides APIs that handle authentication, authorization, and identity management. The APIs make it possible to secure endpoints of a Web API backend with cookie-based authentication. A token-based option is available for clients that can't use cookies, but in using this you are responsible for ensuring the tokens are kept secure. We recommend using cookies for browser-based applications, because, by default, the browser automatically handles them without exposing them to JavaScript.
```

## Use token-based authentication

> For clients that don't support cookies, the login API provides a parameter to request tokens, but you must be careful not to leak tokens. We recommend using cookies in browser-based applications, because the browser will automatically handle them without exposing them to JavaScript by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For clients that don't support cookies, the login API provides a parameter to request tokens, but you must be careful not to leak tokens. We recommend using cookies in browser-based applications, because the browser automatically handles them without exposing them to JavaScript by default.
```

Reviewer 2: Same sort of forcefulness as above, and swap around where by default lands. 

We recommend using cookies in browser-based applications, because, by default the browser automatically handles them without exposing them to JavaScript.

Author: ```suggestion
We recommend using cookies in browser-based applications, because, by default, the browser automatically handles them without exposing them to JavaScript.
```
